Adds LoRA support including cache warmup (#10)
guidance-ai/llgtrt: LoRA.md

trtllm-build --checkpoint_dir /models/model-ckpt \
    --gemm_plugin bfloat16 \
    --output_dir /models/model-engine \
    --use_paged_context_fmha enable \
    --lora_plugin bfloat16 \
    --lora_dir /models/My-Finetuned-Meta-Llama-3.1-8B-Instruct \
    --lora_ckpt_source hf \
    --lora_target_modules attn_q attn_k attn_v

# Clean up checkpoint (optional)
rm -rf /models/model-ckpt

# Finally, copy tokenizer.json and tokenizer_config.json
cp /models/Meta-Llama-3.1-8B-Instruct/tokenizer.json /models/model-engine
cp /models/Meta-Llama-3.1-8B-Instruct/tokenizer_config.json /models/model-engine

# Exit the container
exit
```

### Converting LoRA weights

TensorRT cannot read LoRA weights directly from Huggingface safetensors format. So we convert weights to a simplified "tensor" format that TensorRT can read.  Note that these weights are simply converted -- unlike the base model they are not compiled into an execution graph.  TensorRT provides the _hf_lora_convert.py_ utility to perform this conversion.  This step should be done within the llgtrt container.

```bash
# Create a directory for LoRA weights
mkdir -p /models/lora/my_finetuning

> # Convert weights.  Float32 is used only as an intemediate storage type here; the weights will be converted to bfloat16 when loaded for inference.

Reviewer: why use f32 as storage format? wouldn't bf16 be 50% smaller?

Author: Done by switching to safetensors.  bfloat16 is fully supported!

# LoRA support in llgtrt

TensorRT provides full support for parameter-efficient finetuning via a technicque called _Low Rank Adaptation_, commonly abbreviated as _LoRA_.  The engine even provides support for multiple simultaneous sets of finetuned weights (often known as _Multi-LoRA_), though configuring this requires a few extra steps, both during setup and inference.

The following extra steps are required during setup:

> 1. Compile the base model weights with the LoRA module activated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Build the base model engine with the LoRA module activated.
```

(using trtllm terminology)

Author: Done.  And I also updated the term "Convert" to "Extract" since that's the new name of that utility.

And impressed to see comments on documentation!

2. Convert each set of LoRA weights from standard Huggingface format to a specialized tensor format compatible with TensorRT.  Store these in a directory accessible from your TensorRT installation.
3. Launch llgtrt/TensorRT with an extra parameter pointing to your LoRA weights.

> During inference, TensorRT maintains a cache of LoRA weights within GPU memory where the precise number of LoRA models that can fit in the cache varies based on your configuration.  To perform inference using a specific LoRA model you must first load its weights into the cache keyed by a unique integer identifier.  Once weights are loaded then subsequent inference requests may be made using the integer Id alone.  Depending on the size of your cache, loading a new set of LoRA weights may result in another set being evicted from the cache.

Reviewer: Do we still want the interger ID references here?

Author: Fixed

From within the llgtrt Docker container, use _convert_checkpoint.py_ as you normally would but then add additional LoRA-specific parameters when calling _trtllm-build_:

```bash
# Convert the HF model to a checkpoint
python3 /opt/TensorRT-LLM-examples/llama/convert_checkpoint.py \
    --dtype bfloat16 \
    --model_dir /models/Meta-Llama-3.1-8B-Instruct \
    --output_dir /models/model-ckpt \
    --tp_size 1

# Run trtllm build with LoRA enabled.  For this example we activate the attn_q, attn_k, and attn_v modules.
trtllm-build --checkpoint_dir /models/model-ckpt \
    --gemm_plugin bfloat16 \
    --output_dir /models/model-engine \
    --use_paged_context_fmha enable \
    --lora_plugin bfloat16 \
    --lora_dir /models/My-Finetuned-Meta-Llama-3.1-8B-Instruct \
    --lora_ckpt_source hf \
    --lora_target_modules attn_q attn_k attn_v

# Clean up checkpoint (optional)
rm -rf /models/model-ckpt

# Finally, copy tokenizer.json and tokenizer_config.json
cp /models/Meta-Llama-3.1-8B-Instruct/tokenizer.json /models/model-engine
cp /models/Meta-Llama-3.1-8B-Instruct/tokenizer_config.json /models/model-engine

# Exit the container
exit
```

### Extract LoRA weights

> TensorRT cannot read LoRA weights directly from Huggingface safetensors format. So we provide a Python-based utility to extract weights into a simplified "tensor" format that TensorRT can read.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TensorRT cannot read LoRA weights directly from Huggingface format. So we provide a Python-based utility to extract weights into a simplified format (also safetensors-based) that TensorRT can read.
```

Author: Done
